AKIN designs future-proof, human-centric marketing for a restless digital generation. Leveraging data and analysis, we design impactful marketing campaigns, helping brands articulate their purpose through audience insights and cultural truths. 

Above all, we’re interested to create more jobs and execute impactful projects for the society.

AKIN delivers this by focusing on our team's growth and talent development in order to fulfil the shared vision as a cohesive hive of bright minds who cares.
ABOUT US
Driven by talents. Anchored in humanising brands.

Co-organising Learning Journey to Taiwan with Tech Talent Assembly Board (TTAB) 
Insight sharing with students from Temasek JC
AKIN designs future-proof, human-centric marketing for a restless digital generation. 

Above all, we’re interested to create more jobs and execute impactful projects for the society.

AKIN delivers this by focusing on our team's growth and talent development in order to fulfil the shared vision as a cohesive hive of bright minds who cares.
ACTIVE INDUSTRY CATALYSING

Senior Management including our MD was selected to be part of the pioneer Volunteer Career Advisor cohort. We also actively contributes to Social Enterprises (with raiSE) and Startups coaching more than 20 companies per year through AKIN.
COMMUNITY EMPOWERMENT

AKIN is the founding partner of Municorns, a community-driven initiative to encourage selfless sharing amongst local marketers. He also connects professionals to enable the exchange of strategies and executions for brand, marketing, and technology. 
CONTRIBUTION WITHIN SINGAPORE ECOSYSTEM
AKIN has been appointed and volunteers on multiple boards of NGO/NPOs, serving as the Executive Committee Member for organisations as on TTAB, NTUC, SAFRA Punggol, OVA and Singapore Computing Society New Media Council, PA’s SG75. 



EDUCATION INSTITUTES ENGAGEMENT

AKIN collaborates with universities and polytechnics to develop curriculum on digital marketing to future marketeers and coaches lecturers at Kaplan; yearly engagement with NUS and TJC as an alum.
AKIN PURPOSE STATEMENT & IMPACT HIGHLIGHTS

2
Collaboration with partners for projects-of-passion 
Collaborating with rinna to provide FOC consultation for students on AI/ML
Collaborating with Oangle to provide low-bono offerings for NPO/NGO
How we sustain impact for existing initiatives and expand influence
Multiple amplifying projects to accelerate impact with vendors

Pro-bono consultancy with TTSH for Breast cancer awareness month; (Volunteer) Advisory for NTUC Union, Programme mentors for social enterprises for raiSE
1
Management’s Thoughts
Adopting a corporate purpose isn’t just about staying relevant in a digital space; it’s about keeping our core values and making a difference. Centring our efforts on ensuring human connection and leveraging data will contribute positively to society.
Anna Ida
Associate Digital Director
Corporate purpose is like a seed of change. It doesn’t happen overnight; it takes time, patience, and nurturing before we can see results and create a lasting impact on both our work and society. 


Kee Wei Shern
Content Lead

3
INTEGRATION PARTY
How we sustain impact for existing initiatives and expand influence
We deep dive with a handful of partners like RICE Communications to deploy extensive DE&I, Volunteer (Rainbow Centre, Willing Hearts, IMDA) and design plans where we can further extend these initiatives outwards the wider communications and marketing community
BIRTHDAY CELEBRATIONS
TACO TUESDAY
We have a DE&I committee, consisting of volunteer staff who meet up regularly and hold employee sharing sessions, including one on Unconscious Bias and Allyship

We invited health experts from Safe Space for sessions covering work-life harmony, burnout and mindfulness

We achieved gender diversity within our hiring practices and senior team (67% of directors are female #GirlBoss)

We support working parents by offering flexible working options, part-time roles, and extended maternity/paternity leave 

We are proud to report that in our 2022 employee pulse survey, 100% of our employees reported being treated fairly regardless of their sex, gender, and race 🙋🙋‍♀️🙋‍♂️

We support Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
We get together every friday morning through our company-paid Friday Breakfast and catch up on everything any anything about work and life 

We party when we can - Halloween party, Christmas party, RICE-AKIN Annual Client Party 🎉

We worked out together in yoga classes, motivated one another to build positive habits (gymming, tennis, hiking) and shared plenty of laughs at our first RICE-AKIN Games Day (no Milo truck but still fun!) 🏆
We make work fun
We introduced 3 RICE-AKIN awards—The Baby Astronaut, The Itchy Octopus and The Meet Martin—to recognise innovation, excellence and empathy 🎖️🎖️🎖️
We recognise the 
good in our people
Collaborate, co-create with partners and staff. Inspire and act as multipliers to achieve societal momentum in what we truly believe in.
Arvin T., Managing Director

“
QUOTES
Adopting a corporate purpose isn’t just about staying relevant in a digital space; it’s about keeping our core values and making a difference. Centring our marketing efforts on ensuring human connection and leveraging data insights will drive business success and contribute positively to society.
Anna Ida
Associate Digital Director
Corporate purpose is like a seed of change. It doesn’t happen overnight; it takes time, patience, and nurturing before we can see results. Once that happens, the outcomes are transformative, rippling through our organisation and beyond, creating a lasting impact on both our work and society. 
“
Kee Wei Shern
Content Lead
Collaborate, co-create with partners and staff. Inspire and act as multipliers to achieve societal momentum in what we truly believe in.
Arvin Tang
Managing Director
“

2a. Collaborating with Oangle to provide low-bono offerings for NPO/NGO
2b. Collaborating with rinna to provide FOC consultation for students on AI/ML
Multiple amplifying projects to accelerate impact with vendors- Pro-bono consultancy with TTSH for Breast cancer awareness month; (Volunteer) Advisory for NTUC Union, Programme metnors for social enterprises for raiSE
How we sustain impact for existing initiatives and expand influence
2. Collaboration with partners for projects-of-passion 
